Hi.
Welcome back to the feed my friends series.
I am Tess and in this episode, I am going
I am going to be making my cherry chocolate
fondant pots.
[music]
The first thing to do is to melt the chocolate.
I have 300 grams of bittersweet dark seventy
percent cocoa chocolate here which I am going
to add over a sauce pan of simmering water.
This is to melt it nice and gently.
You do not want to melt it to quickly otherwise
it will crack.
Once melted, add the vanilla and a pinch of
salt.
While my chocolate is cooling, I am just going
to beat together the butter and sugar.
I am just going to beat this together slightly
with a wooden spoon before I use my whisk.
For the full list of ingredients and the method,
just check out the description box.
The butter and sugar are now nicely combined
and light and fluffy so I am ready to add
eggs.
I am just going to give them a little whisk
up in the bowl.
I am just going to be adding the eggs a little
bit at a time.
Once you have folded the eggs nicely and have
a nice, light batter.
It is time to add the flour so just sprinkle
that in.
Carry on mixing.
Now the flour is nicely incorporated.
It is time to add the chocolate.
Pour it in.
Look at that.
Now fold the chocolate into the batter just
gently getting it to combine in nicely.
Here I have some ramekins which I have greased
and dusted with cocoa.
First thing, add one big spoonful of chocolate
batter into the bottom of your ramekin.
Now add a teaspoon of jam into each.
Now you just want to cover the jam with the
rest of the fondant mixture.
So just pop them into the open for 10 to 12
minutes at 200 degrees.
So my fondant pots have just come out of the
oven and I have left them to cool for a couple
of minutes so they are ready to turn out.
This is the moment of truth.
They are hot.
You can use a tea towel for this.
Do not burn yourself.
Just simply place them on the plate.
A little tap and there we have it.
Our very nice little chocolate fondant pot.
So I have made a really nice port balsamic
cherry syrup sauce to go with this.
Actually all I have done is I have reduced
down some port balsamic sugar and some fresh
cherries and made it into a really nice kind
of fixed syrup and I am just going to spoon
that around our really lovely chocolate fondant
pot.
I am just going to pour a little bit of the
syrup on top.
I have a bit of double cream here and I am
just going to add just a little drizzle in
the center there.
So there you have it, my delicious cherry
chocolate fondant pot.
I know you are going to love this recipe.
It is super simple to make.
Make sure to subscribe.
Check out my YouTube channel Tess Ward and
also my blog theyeschef.com.
See you again next time.